---
layout: default
title: Account
---


## Account

In order to use any of Testdroid products, run and review tests, or
access our devices user needs an user account. This can be created in
few minutes at [Testdroid Cloud](https://cloud.testdroid.com). First,
click <i>Register</i> on the front page:

![]({{site.baseurl}}/assets/account/account-001.png)

You’ll be asked to provide your email address. After you’ve typed it
in click <i>Next</i> and the activation link will be sent to email you
just provided.

![]({{site.baseurl}}/assets/account/account-002.png)

You can click the link embedded in the activation email - or - you can
copy-paste the key found in the email in this window to activate your
account. If you click the link in the email, it will skip this window
and redirect you to an account setup window.

![]({{site.baseurl}}/assets/account/account-003.png)

In account setup window you'll be asked to provide the account name
(your email), password, phone number and the company you are working
at.

![]({{site.baseurl}}/assets/account/account-004.png)

The next step is to select a plan you want to use. These plans will
give you access to all our devices at Testdroid Cloud and more
features and capabilities to make your test automation and manual
testing on cloud smoother. For accurate and up-to-date information,
please check the current available plans and included features from
[Testdroid Pricing page](http://testdroid.com/pricing).

![]({{site.baseurl}}/assets/account/account-005.png)

After you have selected a free plan or any paid plans, you'll be asked
to agree the [License Agreement](http://testdroid.com/tos). This is
the final step in registration and you can finalize it by approving
these terms.

![]({{site.baseurl}}/assets/account/account-006.png)

**Congratulations!** You've now activated and registered your
Testdroid account and you'll be redirected and logged in to Testdroid
Cloud. Please see [Testdroid Cloud User
Manual]({{site.baseurl}}/testdroid-cloud-ui) for details on how to use
it.
